my son never came home
well I'm sure that he's gonna turn up
first named Jamal Jai mal do you have
any distinguishing scars tattoos gold
teeth does he go bunny street names he
doesn't have a street name there was an
incident when is that me or other
information needs to go through
lieutenant Stokes I don't know him
personally they told me that he's been
paged to come down here immediately want
to know now watch him here she went from
like zero to ghetto and nothing flat
it's okay everything's gonna be fine
where's our son ma'am I have kids too
many are in black excuse me
keep your hands on the wheel boy look
straight ahead don't make any sudden
moves wouldn't want to make the man in
the bulletproof vest nervous when he's
pointing a Glock at your head you're the
one who disappeared from his life oh
this is my fault now you walked out on
him let's just find our son and go back
to our respective corners okay fine
listen to me we have been waiting and
we've been patient we are done they
being strung along where is Jamal now I
want to know right now I want to talk
I don't know what you expect me to do
please find my son
[Music]
you